fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/SquidFaq/InnerWorkings.md

data, and more. When Squid opens a disk file for reading, it looks for
the meta data header and unpacks it.

> This warning means that Squid couldn't unpack the meta data. This is

Reviewer: adding contraction
```suggestion
This warning means that Squid could not unpack the meta data. This is
```

then why not bind the local endpoint to the host's (intranet) IP
address? Why make the masses suffer needlessly?*

> Because that's just how ident works. Please read

Reviewer: adding contraction
```suggestion
Because that is just how ident works. Please read
```
